Patch autoscaler args (#103)
appuio/component-openshift4-nodes: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

Whether to configure autoscaling for the cluster.

=== `autoscaling.addAutoscalerArgs`

[horizontal]
type:: list
default::
+
[source,yaml]
----
addAutoscalerArgs:
  - --daemonset-eviction-for-occupied-nodes=false
  - --skip-nodes-with-local-storage=false
----

Patches the `default` cluster autoscaler pod with the provided arguments.

Those arguments can't be set in the `ClusterAutoscaler` resource itself.

> * `--daemonset-eviction-for-occupied-nodes=false`: Disables eviction of DaemonSet pods to fix CSI drivers and others required infrastructure being evicted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--daemonset-eviction-for-occupied-nodes=false`: Disables eviction of DaemonSet pods to prevent CSI drivers and other required infrastructure pods from being evicted.
```
